## Applications
With the syntax for application, I have tried to remain as close to the original
lambda calculus notation as possible, but taking some derivation in places where
it makes sense

### Simple Applications
Basic applications are represented by putting the argument after the function,
separated by whitespace. For example, in order to apply `a` to `b`, we can write
`a b`, or if we wanted to be more explicit, `a(b)`.

NOTE: While in most languages, especially imperitive ones, surround the argument
of a function with parenthesis is actually a part of the function application
syntax, in Lunar Calculus, the parenthesis are instead interpreted as execution
order hints, which result in the value that is then applied to the function. It
is functionally equivalent, however, and this aspect should not matter in normal
programming.

### Application Order
As in the original lambda calculus, expressions are evaluated left to right. For
example, the expression `a b c d` is equivalent to `(((a b) c) d)`. Of course,
expressions in parenthesis get a higher precedence that expressions not in
parenthesis. When evaluating statements, the interpreter uses outermost
evaluation. This allows the programmer to use things such as y combinators and
other lazy evaluation based constructs. Furthermore, it prevents evaluation of
useless code. For example, if we have an expression being passed as the second
argument of a K combinator, that branch of the evaluation tree will be pruned
before its evaluation because the K combinator doesn't use the second argument.
If we used innermost evaluation, the interpreter would first evaluate the branch
and then discard it, wasting value time and effort.

